has she been not as impossible breath
pretty handy I'm a scout make an actual
scout yeah nice things Thanks
yeah tonight's the secret party right
everybody except the douchebags and the
necro chips will be going this could be
the night of our lives corner on the
town's deserted dude look what the
bouncer he's gone we should sneak in
dude there's like nobody here
[Music]
something's wrong didn't look at her
chest oh that's makeup dummy the jungle
phase
[Music]
wait through the stripper cocktail
waitress like any more questions
[Applause]
[Music]
tonight I'm very sure what being a real
scouts all about we're just gonna stand
here I'm gonna go save the world
[Music]
yeah dude let's go leader Rogers
he said I'm on fire
you tried to eat me
[Music]
all right Scouts let's kick some zombie
ass
[Music]
oh my gosh you don't think we were real